CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
Aquarium Fish Calculator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
My program will help in making stocking decisions for fish tanks. Overstocking is a common problem in the aquarium community.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will learn how to create a GUI in python, and using json files for extended storage over multiple program runs.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
I will be using json, math, pytest, and tkinter. If I have extra time, I may also use requests.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
main
add_fish_to_aquarium
remove_fish_from_aquarium
get_aquarium_issues

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
test_add_fish_to_aquarium
test_remove_fish_from_aquarium
test_get_aquarium_issues